PMM-9704 Working on a new branch (#877)
percona/pmm: markdown/dbaas.md

Then to enable DBaaS send request to `Settings/Change` endpoint like below where `IP` is public IP address or DNS name of PMM Server instance.
```bash
curl -X POST "http://localhost/v1/Settings/Change" \ 
     -H "accept: application/json" \

>      -H "authorization: Basic YWRtaW46YWRtaW4=" \

Author: Since in all other places we use the same examples, I am going to leave this task for a new ticket to change it everywhere.

      }
    }
  },
  "expose": true
}
```

|Parameter                              |Description                                     |Notes                                                                |
|---------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
|kubernetes_cluster_name                |Kubernetes cluster name                         |Required                                                             |
|name                                   |PXC cluster name to create                      |Default: pxc + DB version + 5 chars random string                    |
|cluster_size                           |Cluster size                                    |Default: 3                                                           |
|image                                  |Docker image name                               |Default is the recommended version from the Percona's version service|
|compute_resources.cpu_m                |CPU resources millis                            |Default: 1000                                                        |

> |compute_resources.memory_bytes         |Max memory size in bytes                        |Default: 2 Gb                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|compute_resources.memory_bytes         |Max memory size in bytes                        |Default: 2 GB                                                        |
```

> |disk_size                              |Max disk size for the PXC instance              |Default: 25 Gb                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|disk_size                              |Max disk size for the PXC instance              |Default: 25 GB                                                       |
```

|proxysql.image                         |Docker image for ProxySQL                       |Default: empty. (Use operator's default)                             |
|proxysql.compute_resources.cpu_m       |CPU resources millis                            |Default: 1000                                                        |

> |proxysql.compute_resources.memory_bytes|Max memory size in bytes                        |Default 2 Gb                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|proxysql.compute_resources.memory_bytes|Max memory size in bytes                        |Default 2 GB                                                         |
```

|proxysql.disk_size                     |Max disk size for ProxySQL                      |Default: empty, use operator's default                               |
|haproxyimage                           |Docker image for HA Proxy                       |Default: empty, use operator's default                               |
|haproxy.compute_resources.cpu_m        |CPU resources millis                            |Default: 1000                                                        |

> |haproxy.compute_resources.memory_bytes |Max memory size in bytes                        |Default: 2 Gb                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|haproxy.compute_resources.memory_bytes |Max memory size in bytes                        |Default: 2 GB                                                        |
```

|expose                                 |Make it available outside the Kubernetes cluster|Default: false                                                       |

**Notes:** 

> Only one of ProxySQL or HAProxy should be specified in the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either ProxySQL or HAProxy should be specified in the request.
```

Memory bytes are strings because the parameter accepts the unit, like *1 Gi*

#### Minimum request example

> Since the API has the defaults mentioned above, the HTTP request can have the kubernetes cluster name as the only parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the API has the defaults mentioned above, the HTTP request can have the Kubernetes cluster name as the only parameter.
```

Example:

```bash
curl -X POST "http://localhost/v1/management/DBaaS/PXCCluster/Create" \
    -H "accept: application/json" \
    -H "authorization: Basic YWRtaW46YWRtaW4=" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \

>     -d '{ "kubernetes_cluster_name": "my_cluster", "name": "my-pxc-cluster", "expose": true}'

Reviewer 2: "..name as the only parameter.."
but in example - we have three parameters. ) 

Let's keep this the simples one?

```

### Request parameters

```
{
  "kubernetes_cluster_name": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "params": {
    "cluster_size": 0,
    "pxc": {
      "image": "string",
      "compute_resources": {
        "cpu_m": 0,
        "memory_bytes": "string"
      },
      "disk_size": "string"
    },
    "proxysql": {
      "image": "string",
      "compute_resources": {
        "cpu_m": 0,
        "memory_bytes": "string"
      },
      "disk_size": "string"
    },
    "haproxy": {
      "image": "string",
      "compute_resources": {
        "cpu_m": 0,
        "memory_bytes": "string"
      }
    }
  },
  "expose": true
}
```

|Parameter|Description|Notes|
|-----|-----|-----|
|kubernetes_cluster_name|Kubernetes cluster name|Required|
|name|PXC cluster name to create|name|
|cluster_size|Cluster size|Default: 3|
|image|Docker image name|Default is the recommended version from the Percona's version service|
|compute_resources.cpu_m|CPU resources millis|Default: 1000|

> |mcompute_resources.memory_bytes|Max memory size in bytes|Default: 2 Gb|

Reviewer 3: https://www.percona.com/doc/kubernetes-operator-for-pxc/operator.html#pxc-sidecars-resources-requests-memory

2G ?

Author: Yes, we are setting the same defaults we have in the GUI.
https://github.com/percona/pmm-managed/pull/1097/files#diff-7a56b03a49f9c4fd843c3edfc194110f786609bba47b3ec694b844ec0f3aff8cR38-R41

Reviewer 3: yeah, those aren't Gbs:
`(Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.)`

Reviewer 4: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gigabyte looks like 2GB is a correct value.

Author: What we should do? Leave Gb since it is the accepted nomenclature?

> |mcompute_resources.memory_bytes|Max memory size in bytes|Default: 2 Gb|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|mcompute_resources.memory_bytes|Max memory size in bytes|Default: 2 G|
```

> |mcompute_resources.memory_bytes|Max memory size in bytes|Default: 2 Gb|

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
|compute_resources.memory_bytes|Max memory size in bytes|Default: 2 Gb|
```

Author: :+1:

> |disk_size|Max disk size for the PXC instance|Default: 25 Gb|

Reviewer 3: we need to figure out what is transfer here. I think it is Gi 
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/common-definitions/quantity/#Quantity
https://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html

https://www.percona.com/doc/kubernetes-operator-for-pxc/operator.html#pxc-volumespec-resources-requests-storage

@BupycHuk what actually we have in API ?

Reviewer 4: we pass G, not Gi at the moment. We can update FE and BE to use Gi instead of G.a

Reviewer 3: we need to adjust it everywhere in a same manner (UI, API and Docs), also that it will be in sync with operator's doc.

API endpoint used in this step: [GetPXCClusterCredentials](ref:getpxcclustercredentials)

### Create a PSMDB Cluster

The PSMDB Create endpoint can also set defaults so, creating a PSMDB cluster can be made with a request like this:

```bash
curl -X POST "http://localhost/v1/management/DBaaS/PSMDBCluster/Create" \
    -H "accept: application/json" \
    -H "authorization: Basic YWRtaW46YWRtaW4=" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d "{ \"kubernetes_cluster_name\": \"my_cluster\", \"expose\": true}"
```

#### Request fields

```json
{
  "kubernetes_cluster_name": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "params": {
    "cluster_size": 0,
    "replicaset": {
      "compute_resources": {
        "cpu_m": 0,

>         "memory_bytes": "string"

Reviewer 5: As this is defining request fields, isn't it confusing the reader by `string`, which might be read as the data type where all other fields aren't? Would it be better to define the request fields by data type for clarity?

Also, I don't see an example response, which is that the other examples in this doc use. Is that intentional?

Author: Added a note explaining why it is a string.
The response in empty with the corresponding HTTP status code.

API endpoint used in this step: [GetPXCClusterCredentials](ref:getpxcclustercredentials)

### Create a PSMDB Cluster

> The PSMDB Create endpoint can also set defaults so, creating a PSMDB cluster can be made with a request like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PSMDB `Create` endpoint can also set defaults, so creating a PSMDB cluster can be made with a request like this:
```

```json
{
  "kubernetes_cluster_name": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "params": {
    "cluster_size": 0,
    "replicaset": {
      "compute_resources": {
        "cpu_m": 0,
        "memory_bytes": "string"
      },
      "disk_size": "string"
    },
    "image": "string"
  },
  "expose": true
}
```

| Field                                     | Description                           | Notes                                                        |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| kubernetes_cluster_name                   | Kubernetes cluster name               | Required                                                     |
| name                                      | PSMDB cluster name                    | Default: `psmdb`+DB version+5 chars random string            |
| cluster_size                              | Cluster size                          | Default: 3                                                   |
| replicaset.compute_resources.cpu_m        | CPU resources millis                  | Default: 1000                                                |

> | replicaset.compute_resources.memory_bytes | Max memory size in bytes              | Default: 2 Gb                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| replicaset.compute_resources.memory_bytes | Max memory size in bytes              | Default: 2 GB                                                |
```

> | replicaset.compute_resources.memory_bytes | Max memory size in bytes              | Default: 2 Gb                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| replicaset.compute_resources.memory_bytes | Max memory size in bytes              | Default: 2 GB                                                |
```

| disk_size                                 | Max disk size                         | Default: 25 Gb                                               |
| image                                     | PSMDB Docker image                    | Default is the recommended version from the Percona's version service |
| expose                                    | Expose outside the Kubernetes cluster | Default: false                                               |

### Delete DB Cluster

> If we don’t need DB Cluster anymore we can delete it using request below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don’t need the database cluster you can delete it using the request below.
```

        "cpu_m": 0,
        "memory_bytes": "string"
      },
      "disk_size": "string"
    },
    "image": "string"
  },
  "expose": true
}
```

| Field                                     | Description                           | Notes                                                        |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| kubernetes_cluster_name                   | Kubernetes cluster name               | Required                                                     |
| name                                      | PSMDB cluster name                    | Default: `psmdb`+DB version+4 digits random number           |
| cluster_size                              | Cluster size                          | Default: 3                                                   |
| replicaset.compute_resources.cpu_m        | CPU resources millis                  | Default: 1000                                                |
| replicaset.compute_resources.memory_bytes | Max memory size in bytes              | Default: 2 Gb                                                |

> | disk_size                                 | Max disk size                         | Default: 25 Gb                                               |

Author: The same as previous comment. 
In the new function that set the defaults in case the request hasn't these fields, we are setting the same values we have in the GUI for a small cluster.

| image                                     | PSMDB Docker image                    | Default is the recommended version from the Percona's version service |

> | expose                                    | Expose outside the Kubernetes cluster | Default: false                                               |

Reviewer 4: I think it should be included in https://percona-pmm.readme.io/reference/createpsmdbcluster
to do it you should create a file `createpsmdbcluster.md` in the `markdown` folder and put it there.

Author: Added new files for Create PXC and Create PSMDB
